hi guys it's Jacqueline from fashion
snake calm with your outfit of the day
video so today I am wearing a bohemian
inspired look a little bit of Sharon
Tate and Cynthia Porter vibes definitely
so I love these kind of dresses and
they're really hard to find unless you
want to go vintage and they want to
charge you an arm and a leg for an old
vintage dress so this dress actually has
shades of gold and brown in it and it
just reminded me of a golden filled
probably in the fall more but it is
starting to be summer so I just had this
idea of shooting it in some nice grass
and in an empty field and we definitely
found it so this dress actually has bell
sleeves some people love these and some
people like my best friend hate them but
I really love them they're sheer so you
can sort of see your arms through them
and it's really nice when the wind sort
of blows and they just billow and it has
a nice long length to it and I'm wearing
platform sandals with it to help with
that and it ties in the back and it
actually has a side zip which I liked
much more than the back zip where you
have to have somebody help you all the
time and it also has this sort of deep
v-neck so I wore a necklace with some
tiered daggers and that just sort of
fills up that v-neck and I also wore
aviator sunglasses because in Colorado
most days it's very sunny and even early
in the morning so it's good to have your
sunglasses with you and I'm also wearing
a tiny gold band ring and a fringed
suede bag as usual all the fringe stuff
and bohemian stuff comes out to play in
the summer and in the winter I put it
away but in the summer I'm back out so
this is my look Sharon Tate so 1970s so
I hope you like it and please visit my
personal style blog at fashion snake
comm for more photographs as well as
outfit details and you can
click below the video as well to see
details and links to all the pieces I'm
wearing if you're interested in
purchasing so thank you for watching and
I'll talk to you later bye